# My Time at Mitchell Community College
I started attending classes at Mitchell in January 2018. At that time, I was not sure what I wanted to study. I ended up choosing to study Information Technology. I have my mom to thank for this decision as she knew it would be a fulfilling career choice for me. My first classes didn't entirely sell me on IT until I took NET 125 with Robert Theisen and he opened my eyes to the fascinating world of networking. I can't thank him enough for peaking my interest in technology and being such a fantastic teacher.

## My Professors
I had many interesting and unique professors throughout my time at Mitchell, but none have left a greater impact on me than Robert Theisen and Gregory Cain. Their passion to instruct and guide others through the IT field is selfless and truly inspiring. Mr. Cain taught me so much about the business side of technology. He always stressed the importance of striking a balance between humbly serving others and being assertive so as to satisfy your own needs. Communication was also a big point of emphasis as he would always say "did the information get to the right people in a timely manner". Mr. Theisen taught me to never stop learning and to always strive to expand your own knowledge and skills. He also taught me how important honesty and self confidence is. These two gentlemen have inspired me to grow as a person and as a technologist and I thank them greatly for that.

## My Classes
I took many classes at Mitchell in a wide variety of subjects ranging from Python and Java coding to Cisco networking and working with Linux. I enjoyed all of classes as they challenged me in different ways and forced me to think outside the box. I am grateful to have learned about so many uniquee technologies. This has broadened my horizon and introduced me to so many avenues within the world of IT. 

## STEAM
STEAM was one of my most interesting experiences at MCC. STEAM stands for science, technology, engineering, and math. It is an event held at Mitchell's Statesville campus where middle school students come to learn about these subjects. As part of the technology team, I lead and helped lead groups of students learn about networking. We taught them about the history of computers, the basics of cybersecurity, and how to build their own LAN. By the end of each session, we had the whole class pinging each other and even using remote desktop to take control of each other's computers. This experience showed me how fulfilling instructing others can be and I'm so happy that I was able to participate.

## CCNA
I didn't know anything about IT certifications before comign Mitchell but Mr. Theisen introduced them to me. The curriculum he was teaching lined up with the CCNA so he highly encouraged us to pursue that certification. I took his advice and began studying vigorously for the test. I am proud to say that while working two jobs and attending school full time, I earned my CCENT on Novemeber 22, 2019 and my CCNA on February 21, 2020. This journey was challenging but it was so satisfying passing those two tests which I had spent countless hours studying for. I won't be stopping there, I plan to achieve many more certifications by the time I'm done.

## My Degree
I have spent five semesters at Mitchell Community College and I will be leaving with an A.A.S. in Information Technology with a concentration in networking. I am so proud of myself and so glad that my hard work will have paid off. I can't thank my teachers, peers, and family enough for all their help in getting me to the end.
